elberg
------

A port of the sawfish theme Elberg by Dagmar.

Here follows original README file :

Elberg v1.0 

This theme uses 95% original artwork done by me, Dagmar.

2.5% is the colors of the outline borders for both normal and transient
windows, which I freely admit I borrowed from the microGUI theme (as well as
the initial theme.jl file, but I had to start *somewhere*... having been
unable to find some reasonable documentation for sawfish-themer) since they
work so well with everything.

The remaining 2.5% are the colors taken right out of the classic Cheese GTK
theme, which is also fine since this theme was meant to be used with it.

I got *very* tired of the tinting of my widgets making my window titles appear
to be slightly bleached out.  This theme also has properly smoothed ends on
the rolled up windows, and all buttons have both highlight and clicked images.

Oh... The ICONS are something entirely new.  I admit I am woefully bored with
the somewhat overused arrows pointing this way and that, and just came up
with some icons that have enough of an alien look to be interesting while
still being obvious enough for people to figure out what they are from looking
at them.

 - The Three Dots represent increasing complexity, and refer to the fact
   that this button reveals the window control menu.

 - The Whoosh Mark represents the window being whisked away into a corner
   and/or titlebar by iconification.

 - The Expanding Dot represents making the window bigger, i.e., maximizing.

 - The X is still the best and only way I can think of to represent killing
   the app.


TODOS:

 - Think about convering the hollowed area for text into something that can be
   configured to use different colors.

 - Redo the two beveled edges around the hollow area to have a one-pixel
   thickness instead of what it is now (closer to two).

 - MAYBE go back through and re-twiddle all those PNGs explicitly nuke their
   alpha layer.  Hopefully it's not going to impact people's performance.

 - Find out how to assign Trebuchet MS as the default font for the titlebars.


Comments, suggestions (don't ask me how to install, AND NO SPAM!)
"Dagmar" d'Surreal
        at
          speakeasy.net
